docs: refactor to documentation (#4)
SmartWasteCollection/documentation: design/architecture/service-architecture.md

# Service Architecture

The team agreed on building each microservice with a **Clean Architecture** (from now on referred as _CA_). Since there are many interpretations of what a _CA_ is and what consequences it should bring, we portrayed our personal view, trying to stick with the principal layers that the literature presents.

![Clean Architecture](clean.png)

## Entities Layer (_Domain_)

> At the center of a microservice, the principal elements that shall remain untouched are domain entities and rules. These aspects should be completely unaware of what is happening outside, and should interact with each other describing the domain just by themselves. For instance, a group of entities can be represented by _Aggregates_, _Value Objects_ and _Entities_ identified in the _Model Driven Design_. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the center of a microservice, the principal elements that shall remain untouched are the domain entities and rules. These aspects should be completely unaware of what is happening outside and decoupled from the technologies and libraries used.
```
```suggestion
At the center of a microservice, the principal elements that shall remain untouched are domain entities and rules. These aspects should be completely unaware of what is happening outside, and should interact with each other describing the domain just by themselves. For instance, a group of entities can be represented by _Aggregates_, _Value Objects_ and _Entities_ identified in the _Model Driven Design_. 
```

> At the center of a microservice, the principal elements that shall remain untouched are domain entities and rules. These aspects should be completely unaware of what is happening outside, and should interact with each other describing the domain just by themselves. For instance, a group of entities can be represented by _Aggregates_, _Value Objects_ and _Entities_ identified in the _Model Driven Design_. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the center of a microservice, the principal elements that shall remain untouched are domain entities and rules. These aspects should be completely unaware of what is happening outside and decoupled from the technologies and libraries used.
```
